# rules10122
No blank nicknames. No inappropriate nicknames. No sexually explicit nicknames. No offensive nicknames. No nicknames with unusual or unreadable Unicode. No blank profile pictures. No inappropriate profile pictures. No sexually explicit profile pictures. No offensive profile pictures. No membership granted to minors (under 18 years). Moderators reserve the right to change nicknames. Moderators reserve the right to use their own discretion regardless of any rule. No exploiting loopholes in the rules (please report them). No DMing other members of the server. Rules apply to DMing other members of the server. No inviting unofficial bots. No bugs, exploits, glitches, hacks, bugs, etc. Text chat rules No questioning the mods. No @mentioning the mods. No asking to be granted roles/moderator roles. @mention the moderators for support. Contact the moderators under #channel for support. No @everyone/@here mentioning without permission. No @mentioning spam. No sexually explicit content. No pornographic content. No NSFW content. No illegal content. No piracy. No modding. No homebrew. No hacking. No publishing of personal information (including real names, addresses, emails, passwords, bank account and credit card information, etc.). No personal attacks. No witch hunting. No harassment. No sexism. No racism. No hate speech. No offensive language/cursing. No religious discussions. No political discussions. No sexual discussions. No flirting. No dating. No flaming. No flame wars. Agree to disagree. No trolling. No spamming. No excessive messaging (breaking up an idea in many posts instead of writing all out in just one post). No walls of text (either in separate posts or as a single post). No CAPS LOCK. No overusing emojis. No overusing reactions. No external emojis. Keep conversations in English. Use #channel for conversations in another/other language(s). Moderators reserve the right to delete any post. Moderators reserve the right to edit any post. No advertisement. No advertisement without permission. No links. No linking to other servers. No memes. No pictures. No gifs. No bot commands. Bot commands only under #channel. List of allowed bot commands: No channel hopping. No offtopic/use the right text channel for the topic you wish to discuss. Voice chat rules No voice chat channel hopping. No annoying, loud or high pitch noises. Reduce the amount of background noise, if possible. Push to talk only. Moderators reserve the right to disconnect you from a voice channel if your sound quality is poor. Moderators reserve the right to disconnect, mute, deafen, or move members to and from voice channels. Bot specific rules No command spam. No macros. No hacks. No adding/changing/removing commands.
